Update player-faq.md (#68)
BeamMP/Docs: docs/en/support/player-faq.md

## How do I get early access?

Early access (including the purple nametag and other benefits) can be obtained by supporting us financially on [Patreon](https://patreon.com/BeamMP) or boosting the Discord Server. (Last option gives you +4 Server keys in addition to other in-game benefits).

## I subscribed on Patreon. How do I get my perks?

Please ensure you do the following to automatically receive your perks:

1. Link your Discord account on Patreon to receive the Roles and Access in the Discord server.
2. Please ensure you use the same email address on Patreon as you do for your BeamMP account on the [Forum](https://forum.beammp.com/).

> Please be patient, the system checks approximately every 6 hours. If you have not received your perks after 12 hours and have completed the above steps please contact BeamMP support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be patient, it can take a few hours, sometimes up to 12, for the system to sync. If you have not received your perks after 12 hours and have completed the above steps please contact BeamMP support.
```

## How do I get early access?

Early access (including the purple nametag and other benefits) can be obtained by supporting us financially on [Patreon](https://patreon.com/BeamMP).

> You can acquire the Purple Nametag and 4 more Server keys by boosting the Discord Server. (No other perks apply)

Reviewer 2: It is the same, you get every perk, the only difference is the amount of server keys. Boosting on Discord will give you four additional keys, no matter if you boost once or twice

Author: Changes have been made

> Please be patient, the system checks approximately every 4 hours. If you have not received your perks after 12 hours and have completed the above steps please contact BeamMP support.

Reviewer 3: Lets make this 6 hours to play safe please.

Author: Changes made
